hi guys is convicted here and this is
the unboxing of the are 89 yearbooks
from building this TV box is very
powerful because it runs the latest RK
3288 rockchip cpu and it has a
four-night core GPU and Molly t 764 you
can sit here and the processor is a
quad-core a RM cortex a 17 this is the
first android TV box with that cpu and
the most powerful one in the market
right now let's unbox it and see what we
get here's the box itself or unsecured
in a little while that an hdmi cable
and micro USB on-the-go cable and the
power adapter it is 5 volts three
thousand million pairs okay let's see
the books it has a glossy finish up
front and the yearbooks logo you can see
here says for king it can playback 4k
videos the power button the power port
this is maybe a headphone jack port an
s/pdif optical audio outputs Ethernet
HDMI a full USB 2.0 ports and micro USB
on-the-go port on the left side we see
two full USB 2.0 ports and the micro SD
card slot and here's the IR receiver
here we have rubber pads ventilation
grilles
as well as on the back and the shape is
very unique I can say this is a
prototype version and that's why it
didn't have a remote inside the retail
version we have a will have an IR remote
so that you can control it okay see you
on my next video which will be the
review thanks and bye bye
you